DOC-11489 improve troubleshooting-queries page clarity and style (#1058)
couchbaselabs/docs-couchbase-lite: modules/csharp/pages/troubleshooting-queries.adoc

[#using]

> === Using

Reviewer: Suggestion: See if you wanna change this title to "Usage" or "Using Explain" instead of just "Using".

(cblite) query --explain {"GROUP_BY":[[".country"]],"ORDER_BY":[[".country"],[".name"]],"WHAT":[[".domains"]]} // <.>

----
<.> Within a terminal session, open your database with `cblite` and enter your query

> <.> This example enters the query as a N1QL-query using `select` +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<.> This example enters the query as a SQL++ query using `select` +
```
N1QL was the former name of SQL++.

====

This output (xref:csharp:troubleshooting-queries.adoc#qe-output[]) comprises 3 main elements:

> <.> The translated SQL-query, which targets Couchbase support and engineering teams rather than general users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<.> The translated SQL++ query, which targets Couchbase support and engineering teams rather than general users.
```

[#format]
=== Format
The query plan section of the output displays a tabular form of the translated query's execution plan.

> It primarily shows how SQLite retrieves the data and, where appropriate, how it sorts results for navigation and-or presentation purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It primarily shows how SQLite retrieves the data and, where appropriate, how it sorts results for navigation and presentation purposes.
```
I think we should avoid "and-or" and just use either "and" or "or".

52|0|0| USE TEMP B-TREE FOR ORDER BY // <.>
----

> <.> *Retrieval method* -- This line shows the retrieval method the query uses; here a sequential read of the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<.> *Retrieval method* -- This line shows the retrieval method the query uses; in this case, a sequential read of the database.
```

> Something you may want to optimize -- see xref:csharp:troubleshooting-queries.adoc#ret-method[] for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to optimize this behavior -- see xref:csharp:troubleshooting-queries.adoc#ret-method[].
```

== Optimization Considerations

Try to minimize the amount of data retrieved.

> Limit it to the properties you *do* need to achieve the required result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limit it to the properties you do need to achieve the required result.
```
